Privacy Policy

This privacy policy is intended to inform users of the SF Muni Alexa Skill about how their information is, or may be handled in terms of collection, storage, and use.

Why do we collect certian Personally Identifiable Information and what do we collect?
Addredd information is collected in order to give more relevant and personalized results. 

How is this data collected and stored?
This information is obtained through Amazon only when the user gives permission and is transmitted from Amazon to the application. It stays on Amazon's secure servers during this transmission. The information may be transmitted to open APIs for the sole purpose of converting an Address into coordinates. Neither the address nor the coordinates are stored, or used in any way other than to provide reuqested information to the user. 

Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.

Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.

COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.

Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information. In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur: • Within 7 business days We will notify the users via in-site notification • Within 7 business days We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.

By using our Alexa Skill, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on OCt 7, 2017. If there will be any update, amendment, or changes to our Privacy Policy then these will be posted on this page.
